add local setup to README (#283)
paritytech/cumulus: README.md

The network uses horizontal message passing (HRMP) to enable communication between parachains and
the relay chain and, in turn, between parachains. This means that every message is sent to the relay
chain, and from the relay chain to its destination parachain.

## Launch a local setup including a Relay Chain and a Parachain

### Launch the Relay Chain

```bash
# Compile Polkadot with the real overseer feature
git clone https://github.com/paritytech/polkadot
git checkout master
cargo build --release --features=real-overseer

# Generate a raw chain spec
./target/release/polkadot build-spec --chain rococo-local --disable-default-bootnode --raw > rococo-local-cfde-real-overseer.json

# Alice
./target/release/polkadot --chain rococo-local-cfde-real-overseer.json --alice --tmp

# Bob (In a separate terminal)
./target/release/polkadot --chain rococo-local-cfde-real-overseer.json --bob --tmp --port 30334
```

### Launch the Parachain

```bash
# Compile
git clone https://github.com/paritytech/cumulus
git checkout master
cargo build --release

# Export genesis state

> # --parachain-id 200 as an example and should be changed according to your parachain id (u32 type range)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# --parachain-id 200 as an example that can be chosen freely. Make sure to everywhere use the same parachain id
```

The network uses horizontal message passing (HRMP) to enable communication between parachains and
the relay chain and, in turn, between parachains. This means that every message is sent to the relay
chain, and from the relay chain to its destination parachain.

> ## Launch a local setup including RelayChain and Parachain

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Launch a local setup including a Relay Chain and a Parachain
```

### Launch the Relay Chain

```bash
# Compile Polkadot with the real overseer feature
git clone https://github.com/paritytech/polkadot
git checkout master
cargo build --release --features=real-overseer

# Generate a raw chain spec
./target/release/polkadot build-spec --chain rococo-local --disable-default-bootnode --raw > rococo-local-cfde-real-overseer.json

# Alice
./target/release/polkadot --chain rococo-local-cfde-real-overseer.json --alice --tmp

# Bob (In a separate terminal)
./target/release/polkadot --chain rococo-local-cfde-real-overseer.json --bob --tmp --port 30334
```

### Launch the Parachain

```bash
# Compile
git clone https://github.com/paritytech/cumulus
git checkout master
cargo build --release

# Export genesis state

> ./target/release/rococo-collator export-genesis-state --parachain-id 200 > genesis-state

Reviewer 2: A line to explain `200` is an example here would be helpful
